Update readme (#407)
segmentio/action-destinations: docs/authentication.md

```

const authentication = {
  // the 'custom' scheme doesn't do anything automagically for you, but let's you
  // define the behavior through input fields and `extendRequest`.
  // this is what most API key-based destinations should use
  scheme: 'custom',

  // a function that can test the user's credentials
  testRequest: (request) => {
    return request(`/accounts/me.json`)
  },

  // fields that are specific to authentication
  fields: {
    subdomain: {
      type: 'string',
      label: 'Subdomain',
      description: 'The subdomain for your account, found in your user settings.',
      required: true
    },
    apiKey: {
      type: 'string',
      label: 'API Key',
      description: 'Found on your settings page.',
      required: true
    }
  }
}

const destination = {
  // ...other properties
  authentication,
  // we may explore a simple JSON representation that supports template strings
  extendRequest: ({ settings }) => {
    return {
      prefixUrl: `https://${settings.subdomain}.example.com/api`,
      headers: { Authorization: `Bearer ${settings.apiKey}` },
      responseType: 'json'
    }
  }
}
```

> ## OAuth2 Authentication Scheme
> 
> OAuth2 Authentication scheme is the model to be used for destination APIs which support [OAuth 2.0](https://oauth.net/2/). You’ll be able to define a `refreshAccessToken` function if you want the framework to refresh expired tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## OAuth2 Authentication Scheme

_oauth authentication is not generally available to external partners as part of Developer Center Pilot. Please contact Segment team if you require it._

OAuth2 Authentication scheme is the model to be used for destination APIs which support [OAuth 2.0](https://oauth.net/2/). You’ll be able to define a `refreshAccessToken` function if you want the framework to refresh expired tokens.
```

```

authentication: {
    scheme: 'oauth2',
    fields: {
      subdomain: {
        type: 'string',
        label: 'Subdomain',
        description: 'The subdomain for your account, found in your user settings.',
        required: true
      }
    },
    testAuthentication: async (request) => {
      const res = await request<UserInfoResponse>('https://www.example.com/oauth2/v3/userinfo', {
        method: 'GET'
      })
      return { name: res.data.name}
    },
    refreshAccessToken: async (request, { settings, auth }) => {
      const res = await request<RefreshTokenResponse>(`https://${settings.subdomain}.example.com/api/oauth2/token`, {
        method: 'POST',
        body: new URLSearchParams({
          refresh_token: auth.refreshToken,
          client_id: auth.clientId,
          client_secret: auth.clientSecret,
          grant_type: 'refresh_token'
        })
      })
      return { accessToken: res.data.access_token }
    }
  },
  extendRequest({ auth }) {
    return {
      headers: {
        authorization: `Bearer ${auth?.accessToken}`
      }
    }
  }
```

> **\*Note:** OAuth directly depends on the oauth providers available in oauth-service. You have to follow the process of Adding a new OAuth provider before using the oauth2 scheme in an action.\*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**\*Note:** OAuth directly depends on the oauth providers available in Segment's internal OAuth Service. Please contact Segment if you require OAuth for your destination.\*
```
